Senior Project notes for spring 2023

1/23 - 1/27: Set up team meeting times and the callender. Discussed what features immediatley need to be implemented. Connecting the database is paramount so that we can continue on to other parts of the project. I perfomred research on how to best connect the database and store the data. As well as how to sanitize data, hash passwords, and perform email verification. 

1/30 - 2/3: Performed more research on how to connect database. Connected database. Edited files for user registration and edited the table that store the info on mariaDB. Added ability to check if user is in the database. Added data sanitization. 

2/6 - 2/10: Met with team and discussed future plans for project. Disscussed need to have birthday added to user profile instead of registration. Plans to change the homepage were made. There were some technical issues with connecting to the database that were corrected, now team is all on the same platform to better assit cohesiveness. More to be added this week: 
Worked on adding feature that prevented duplicate usernames from being added. Worked on prevening blank forms from being submitted and password confirmations. 

2/13 - 2/17: Finished up error messages for registration page. Appears to be fully functional. Began work on login page.
Set up some of the needed code to get login running, and added sessions. Login should be completed this week, if not the next. Login was completed, with the logout function added as well. Users can now login and store a session. The login will check for username and password matching, also allows for email login. Santizes the data as well. 

2/20 - 2/24: Began work on json. Have a working scrpit that can retrieve data from the database and print the data on an html page. Passed this over to Alex to see if he would like to use this for the articles. Began focussing more on getting the user profile and health profile working. Worked closely with Geno on what we would like to see done. Took some of his work on the userHealth.php and added more php to make a select box that shows medical problems in a drop down. Currently Working on getting it to submit the seleted problem to the database. Also added 3 new tables to the database: vendor, medical_problems, and profile. After meeting with Dr. Cruz, he thought that using the json/jquery to dynamically updare the webpage with the users updated medical history sounded like a good idea and recommended Geno and I continue to explore that avenue. 

2/27 - 3/3: Finished up the functionality of getting the json and jquery files to work. It will now add a medical problem to the database by clicking on it. Working with Geno about the styling and what other features we can add to this new page. I began work on a SQL view to show the users first and last name, their username, and what medical problems they have. 